Level Editor


I want to create a level editor that will only be active on LEVEL_EDITOR_MODE = true, on Globals. When LEVEL_EDITOR_MODE == true, when selecting a level from level selection the level will be loaded into a separate scene called LevelEditor. There the level is loaded exactly like in the game, but no animations and effect. In the Scene Header I want to know the level number (like in the game). Below I want a pannel with a square button selections (toggle buttons) for: place B component id 1, B component id 2, B component id 3,component id 4, Target id 1, Target id 2, Target id 3,  Target id 4, Telepord id 1, Teleport id 2, Teleport id 3. When a toggle is enabled and then I click on a square in the A board that element will appear. Clickin again will make that element disappear. Also I want a "validate" button somewhere that vaildates if the current level state is solvabe.

When placing B component on A board the user must also press a arrow key for the direction while adding the component. No arrow key -> the element will be cargo (direction "none")

Also a save button will be present and the current level json will be printed into console (or directly saved at it's location in assets folder).
Also clicking on an empty A square while pressing X, that square will dissapear, and when pressing again the square will appear back.
Also a reposition button will reposition the entire structure like will appear in the game.

Also a quick play button will be present and will navigate to LevelEditorPlay scene (exactly like a game scene) so that the user can play and test the current working level (here I want only sliding and teleportation animation, not level intro/outro)

Also when LEVEL_EDITOR_MODE is enabled, a "New level" button must be show in Level Selection. That button will propmpt for a level board size (3x3, 4x4, 5x5, 6x6, 7x7, 8x8) and autmatically create an empty board of that size. That level will be automatically added at the end of level json files, and will be opened then in Level Editor scene

Feel free to ask questions is there are any